[REIN grunts]
[REIN chuckles]
[TANIA grunts]
I hope that extra room
opens up tonight.
[REIN]
You think I need new equipment?
Well, yeah. Told you
a bunch of times.
[KANADE]
You're so much stronger since
forging your contract with me,
but you still
have the same gear.
So, I need equipment that's
better suited for my power.
Hmm...
[RUNA]
Whoa!
Whatever they are seasoning this
soup with is really tasty!
Now I'm wondering
what their secret is.
[SORA]
Runa.
You know better than to be
shouting at the table like this.
And you're making a mess!
You know what?
You're right,
and we do have some money
in the bank after
that Arios job.
I'm in, so let's do it!
[TANIA]
Mm-hm.
[KANADE chuckles]
[REIN] It'll help me
protect my team better.
Not good. There're so
many humans out here!
If they find out we're fairies,
who knows what they'll do,
so be on the look out, Sis!
Yes, well, don't you
worry one bit, Runa.
Because I swear on my
life, that this time,
I'll do whatever it takes to
keep you safe and sound!
Relax, you guys.
It's not like all of us
humans are bad. I promise.
I will take you at your word.
I dunno.
I'm not sure if I'll ever be
able to get used to this.
Fairies really kinda live
like shut-ins, you know.
Didn't I ask that you
not call us "shut-ins?"
[ADVENTURERS]
Miss Tania!
Nice to see you again!
I've beaten you two up before.
Haven't I?
[ADVENTURERS]
Yup!
[ADVENTURER 8B]
On Stride Bridge.
I gotta admit,
getting wrecked by a girl
was pretty humiliating
at first, but...
You're a dragon, so--
[TANIA, KANADE gasp]
[ADVENTURER 8A]
Uh, what he means is,
those bruises and broken bones
are like a badge of honor!
[ADVENTURER 8B]
We just wanted to let you know
and pay our respects!
Well, once you've
sharpened your skills,
maybe we can arrange to
have another li'l tussle.
[ADVENTURERS]
We won't let you down!
[KANADE]
Good morning, ma'am!
My, my. Aren't you bright-eyed
and bushy-tailed today?
Here, take this.
Oh, my goodness!
Are you sure, though?
[STAND OWNER 8A]
Of course I am!
It's the least I can do for all
the help you've given me!
[KANADE chuckles]
That's so sweet!
How did they both
assimilate so easily?
Right? I wish we were
as brave as they are.
[SORA, RUNA gasp]
[KIDS chuckle]
What do you want of us, child?
We're not afraid to
fight kids, so back off!
Wow, Rein, it looks like
you picked up
a couple more wives!
[REIN gasps]
What's it like
to be Rein's wife?
I'm afraid you have
the wrong idea--
we're not his wives!
That sure made you
blush a lot, huh?
You two are so pretty!
Are you flower spirits?
Pretty? Um. Thank you,
human child.
[RUNA laughs]
[RUNA] You've got a good eye,
girlie. I'll give you that!
But mistaking us
for flower spirits?
Foolish child. Behold
the depth of my sorcery!
[KIDS gasp]
[RUNA] I am an ultimate
wielder of magic, a proud fai--
[SORA, REIN yelp]
[RUNA] I can't believe
you guys stopped me!
Those little brats
were practically
begging me to school 'em!
You were the one
who said we had to be
extra careful not
to show the humans
that we're fairies, remember?
But as soon as your
pride gets insulted,
all that goes out
the window, as usual.
It's all right.
Getting accustomed to life here
is gonna take a little
bit of time, is all.
Uh? Hey, is that it?
[KANADE] The best weapon shop
in the city, or so they say.
Nothing but the best
for our fearless leader!
Let's go shopping!
[door opens]
[GANTZ]
What do ya want?
[RUNA, SORA grunt]
Problem? You look like you've
never seen a dwarf before.
[REIN]
Yeah, of course we have.
We just came in to try
and find some new equipment.
[GANTZ]
Hurry up, then.
I don't have all day.
Mr. Shopkeeper is a bit
intimidating, isn't he?
Dwarves are kinda notorious
for being cranky little guys.
[GANTZ growls]
[KANADE yelps]
Dwarves are also notorious
for being the best
blacksmiths in the world.
[RUNA]
Hey, Rein!
What about this bad boy?
[REIN]
A whip?
Runa, I do not believe that
sort of weapon would suit him.
Can you just imagine
our "tamer" with it?
"Do exactly what I say or
I'm gonna give it to ya!"
[SORA whimpers]
It'd be great 'cause he could
use it for "other" stuff.
I'm talkin', like,
unspeakable stuff.
[SORA]
Unspeakable stuff?
Stop being so impure!
He'd never do such things!
Looks like you're
blushing again.
Are you embarrassed
by your dirty mind?
[SORA shouts]
Runa!
[RUNA cackles]
If you keep hitting me, Rein
might have to whip you, Sis!
Please get her off of me.
This is really starting to hurt.
[REIN]
Hey. This one looks good!
Really?
Surely you deserve a weapon
with a little more size to it.
I'm more familiar with
these types of weapons.
[KANADE]
So pretty!
[REIN] Hm? Something about
this dagger feels off.
It looks fine, but...
Hey there!
I hear you've got the
best weapon shop in town.
I'm looking for the finest
weapon that money can buy!
This should be
enough to cover it.
Looks like enough.
[GANTZ]
My finest weapon.
[CUSTOMER 8A gasps]
This thing is sweet!
I could wreck some
monsters with this!
Thanks, little guy!
Of course.
[CUSTOMER 8A humming]
Me-ow! Did you catch how
beautiful that sword is?
What's wrong?
[REIN]
Excuse me, sir.
The sword that you
just sold that guy?
There's no way that's the
best weapon you have here.
[TANIA, KANADE gasp]
[GANTZ]
You callin' me a liar?
Now, don't get me wrong;
it's a beautiful sword.
But the way it looks
has nothing to do with
how well it holds up in combat.
And it's not just that one.
I don't think any of these
would last in a real fight.
[TANIA, KANADE gasp]
[GANTZ]
Hm.
I wonder.
Is any of this your "best" work?
[TANIA, KANADE grunt]
[RUNA, SORA grunt]
[GANTZ chuckles, laughs]
That's some keen eye
you've got there, kid.
Ain't no fooling you.
This is all stuff I whip up
to make a quick
coin off the guys
that wouldn't know a good sword
if I stabbed 'em with it.
So, basically you're just
ripping people off here, huh?
How shocking.
I had no idea dwarves
could be so devious.
Although they may be half-arsed,
they're still born of actual
Dwarven craftsmanship,
which makes them worth every
last bit of coin I charge!
That said...
[REIN gasps]
[GANTZ] They're mere
toys compared to these.
The ones I really
pour my heart into.
They're even more impressive
than I ever imagined.
If you can make
weapons this incredible,
why would you deceive
your customers like that?
[GANTZ sighs]
I know it's not right,
but I can't bring
myself to sell these
to every schmuck with some coin.
No one cares about
the craftsmanship
behind what they're
wielding these days.
They're always just looking
for the next best thing
they can get their
grubby little paws on.
And if they do purchase
a weapon I'm truly proud of,
they toss it aside when
they find something shinier.
That kind of disrespect
takes a toll on a person.
[sighs]
[GANTZ grunts]
[GANTZ] A true weaponsmith
puts a piece of himself
inside every weapon he makes.
They're like his children.
Is it selfish to want them to
go to someone truly worthy?
[RUNA, SORA grunt]
I totally smell
what you're cookin'!
[GANTZ]
Hm?
I mean, it just makes sense.
A high-quality weapon
demands a high-quality wielder!
Uh! My point, exactly!
[TANIA]
I'm actually something...
They're like kith
and kin, aren't they?
Well, they do have a healthy
self-esteem in common,
I suppose.
[GANTZ]
All right.
I want you to tell me something.
How did you know that those
weren't the best
weapons I had to offer?
Uh?
[GANTZ]
To the naked eye,
these are fine enough
to fool almost everyone.
What tipped you off?
Honestly, I'm not entirely sure,
but maybe it has
something to do with the fact
that I'm a beast tamer?
[GANTZ]
Oh.
[REIN] Taming an
animal takes some skill.
We have to observe it closely
so we can connect with it,
almost see its soul.
I must've just
started doing that
with everything in my life.
It's kind of
a blessing and a curse.
I see.
Perhaps your
vocation is related.
But Rein isn't your
average beast tamer,
he's one of a kind.
He's the cat's meow.
[REIN]
Hm?
Hey, guys. What are you
muttering about over there?
[TANIA, KANADE]
You'll understand someday.
[RUNA]
You're freaking me out.
[GANTZ]
I like you, kid!
And I would be proud to make
a personalized weapon for you!
Wow, really?
That's so nice!
Yeah.
A high-quality weapon
for a high-quality guy!
You would be truly unbeatable!
Our hero!
[TANIA] Think of all
the big scary things...
Uh, there's just
one teensy-tiny issue.
[ALL]
Uh?
I don't have the right
material to craft one.
Huh?
[REIN] So many people
at the job board today.
[TANIA] And they seem
excited about something.
[KANADE gasps]
Hey, Natalie!
Kanade! So good
to see you, friend.
Yeah, likewise!
You wouldn't happen to know why
everyone's so eager to
pounce today, would you?
You haven't heard yet?
The hero's party is
staying in Horizon.
They're recruiting members
to kill the Demon King!
[KANADE sighs]
Not those jerkwads again.
[NATALIE]
I mean, sure.
It's just the support party,
but being a part of the team
that defeats the Demon King,
that's sure to bring
fame and fortune!
[KANADE, TANIA]
Rein?
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
I don't care about that.
I have you guys now.
[BOTH]
All right.
[RUNA, SORA grunt]
You haven't introduced us yet.
Who are these cuties?
Oh, you mean us?
I'm Sora, nice to meet you.
And I'm Runa!
What's your name, human woman?
Well, my name is Natalie,
and I work here.
Are you friends of Rein's?
--Kinda.
--Listen.
Our relationship is so much
deeper than just "friendship."
He knows us inside
and out and all around.
[SORA shrieks]
Rein! Are you serious?
What are you doing?
They're so young.
No! Wait! Natalie!
Uh. This isn't
what it looks like!
I'll never understand humans,
but they're so funny!
Don't laugh at him.
[REIN] Regardless, I'd like
to take this job today.
If you don't mind.
Let's take a look.
I see that this here
is an official request
"to help locate and
acquire mithril ore
for the weaponsmith, Gantz."
It seems he named
you specifically.
[REIN]
Hm.
[GANTZ] If I'm to craft
a truly great weapon for you,
I'm going to need an
ore known as "mithril."
[KANADE]
Mithril?
Yes, indeed. The legends say
a weapon crafted from mithril
is strong enough
to last forever.
But of course, it's practically
impossible to find.
[GANTZ]
True.
But I was fortunate
enough to acquire a mine
that was passed down
from my ancestors,
so I've always had a rather
ample supply of it on hand.
[KANADE, RUNA]
You must be rich!
[GANTZ]
But recently,
I haven't been able to find
a scrap in the entire place,
as if it vanished overnight.
Is it possible
that you mined it all?
No. I don't think
that's the case.
If he'd just exhausted the vein,
he would have seen
a gradual decline.
It wouldn't have just
disappeared, you know?
Oh! That makes sense!
It's strange.
Things like that
just don't happen,
so there must be some
explanation for it.
I wish I knew why
because as it stands,
I can't craft my finest weapons.
My apologies.
[REIN]
Hmm.
[TANIA] We already know
what you want to do.
Just say the word, boss.
It's written on your face!
There's no reason to
hold back on our account.
We are a team and
teams stick together!
You've got to believe
in all of us, Rein.
And you've got to
believe in yourself.
[KANADE]
Mm-hm.
Then it's settled.
[GANTZ]
So what's it gonna be, kid?
If you're open to it, sir,
we would like to
investigate your mine.
[GANTZ]
Really?
It's just so suspicious.
There's no way
it's a coincidence.
If we're lucky, we can
find out what happened.
Maybe ya can.
But know that danger
might be waiting for you
every step of the way.
Danger's just part of the job
for adventurers like us.
It's all right.
[GANTZ]
Hmm.
Perhaps our meeting
is no mere coincidence.
Very well then,
consider yourselves hired!
--[GROUP gasps]
--[REIN] Thank you!
Oh. My name's Rein Shroud.
A pleasure to meet you, Rein.
I'm Gantz Stoloff.
Still gotta iron
out a few things.
Like exactly how
much gold you'd like
in exchange for your services.
[TANIA, KANADE gasp]
Well, actually, I'd rather
have you make me a weapon.
[GANTZ]
Oh?
Really? You covet one of my
precious weapons over gold?
Why, is that a bad thing?
Not at all.
It's the best thing ever!
[KANADE]
What a surprise.
At first I thought
Gantz was a sourpuss.
I mean he is, but he's
also sweet as a kitten!
Yeah, it's true.
I want one of his weapons,
but I want to help
him out even more.
Come on, you guys!
Let's do it for ol' Gantz!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[KANADE humming]
It's great that the mine
is so close to town.
We barely had to
pack anything at all.
Purr-fect day for an adventure!
It almost feels like
we're going for a picnic!
[REIN]
It's great! Right, guys?
Looks like they're
struggling a bit.
Oh, uh, no. Please don't
worry about me, Rein.
This is great.
I'm really... having fun.
Why are you trying to
sugarcoat the truth, Sora?
This is gonna kill me,
and it won't be quick!
--[RUNA, SORA groan]
--[REIN yelps]
[REIN] Guys! Please!
Don't let it take you down!
[RUNA, SORA sigh]
Sorry about this.
Fairies are very powerful, but
our stamina is a bit lacking.
Oh, yeah? It's not
like we could tell.
Well, it is super
hot and sunny today!
[REIN]
It's all right.
Think we're kinda close to...
[KANADE gasps]
[RUNA, SORA]
It's a lake!
Wow! So beautiful!
And so cold, too!
How did you know this
was here, Rein?
Oh, I just spotted it
when I was studying the map.
Seemed like a nice
place to take a break.
What a great idea!
Can we go swimming,
pretty please?
Ah-ha! That sounds
amazing to me!
The water's so nice!
It is!
Please, Rein?
[RUNA, SORA, KANADE]
Come on!
Uh!
Well, I don't wanna
get in your way,
so if you wanna take a dip,
then go right ahead!
[GROUP]
Hooray!
Have fun! I'm gonna gather
up our stuff, and-- [gasps]
[TANIA] Kanade, are
you out of your mind?!
Rein's right here!
--[KANADE yelps] Sorry, Rein!
--[REIN sighs] Don't mind me.
[REIN]
Sheesh.
I guess I'm still not quite used
to Kanade's wild streak yet.
Huh, uh? Hey there, you two!
Will you help make
sure the girls
don't run into trouble
while I'm asleep?
[SQUIRRELS squeak]
Now, time for me
to take a quick nap.
Ah! This feels amazing!
Right, Tania?
Oh, yeah. It's so nice and cool.
[SORA, RUNA grumble]
Something wrong?
No, uh. It's just that,
um, I noticed...
You both have such ample bosoms.
Do we?
You kiddin'?!
They're big ol' boulders!
Not like ours.
[SORA whines]
We deserve to have them, too.
How do I make 'em bigger?!
Teach me your ways!
I'm beggin'!
It's not really something
I can teach you.
Yours are cute.
[RUNA screams]
How dare you?!
[TANIA laughs]
Runa! Why must you
always act so unladylike?
Please try and restrain
yourself just this once!
[SORA yelps]
[SORA grumbles]
[SORA]
Runa! That's it!
[KANADE]
I wanna play!
[KANADE laughs]
[gasps, whimpers]
[KANADE screams]
[REIN gasps]
Kanade?!
[REIN] The animals
didn't notice anything?
I hope they're safe!
[REIN grunts]
Kanade! What's wrong?
Are you--?! Oh--
[KANADE whimpers]
Huh?
[ALL stammering]
[REIN]
Uhh...
My bad!
[GROUP whimpers]
[GROUP screams]
I'm so sorry. I didn't
mean to see anything.
I thought you were in danger!
You gotta pull yourself
together, Sora!
Wake up!
[SORA]
He saw me naked.
I don't know if she'll
ever recover from this.
I'll make it up to
you somehow. Please.
I'll do anything!
[TANIA, KANADE]
Hm?
[KANADE]
Anything, you say?
[TANIA]
Whatever we want?
Uh. I guess.
Then I've got a bright idea.
Uh?
You're gonna pretend
this didn't happen.
I mean, it's pretty
embarrassing,
but it was just an accident.
You heard me screaming,
so you just wanted to make
sure we were all right.
You weren't trying
to sneak a peek.
It was an accident,
and accidents happen.
Uh-huh.
I can't blame you,
so it doesn't bother me.
I'm still embarrassed,
and I know it'll
fade eventually.
But I am hopeful it won't
interfere with our friendship.
[REIN gasps]
[REIN]
Thanks, everyone!
Well, you never got
the chance to go swimming,
so why don't you go
and take a dip?
[REIN]
Huh?
The water feels incredible!
Maybe we'll "accidentally"
get an eyeful, too!
See Rein naked?
[REIN chuckles]
I think I'll pass.
[REIN] Would you look
at that? We're here!
Even with our little
detour at the lake,
we made it to the mine
way ahead of schedule.
Hey, Rein, shouldn't we
be heading inside already?
[REIN] I spent the walk
trying to deduce the reason
for the missing ore
and I've got a theory.
I think I know what's
going on. It's simple.
It could be thieves.
[KANADE gasps]
So that's why we're just
watching the entrance?
Of course!
I bet there are thieves inside,
thieving it up as we speak!
That is definitely
a real possibility.
[REIN]
That's peculiar.
[REIN gasps]
[GROUP gasps]
[RUNA]
Hey, don't tell on us!
Who's out here?
Show yourself!
What now?
[MINE THIEF A]
You can't hide!
We'll have to fight.
But I've got some questions
that still need to be answered,
so go easy on 'em.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Got it!
[MINE THIEVES groan]
[REIN]
Uh.
Hey, guys, remember when
I told you to go easy on 'em?
Kinda.
Well, it's their fault.
They just decided to run into
my fist as hard as they could!
[REIN]
Figures.
No way to get
information from them now.
[SORA]
If you want,
we can use our powers
to peer into their memories
and tell you what we find.
Huh? You can actually
do that kinda stuff?
Yes. Our fairy magic
is incredibly powerful,
don't you remember, Rein?
[RUNA]
Yeah, we so got this!
Then let's proceed.
[BOTH]
Memory Search.
[ALL gasp]
[SORA]
You were right!
I can see multiple
people down there
stealing the ore from the mine.
[RUNA] The two here,
but also, five others.
And they all appear
to be adventurers.
It seems the mithral was
being stolen, after all.
I can't believe these
adventurers would do this.
[SORA]
Excuse me.
How'd we do? Were we
able to help out at all?
Yeah, you most certainly did!
Thanks a lot, you two!
[RUNA]
Ooh! Does that mean
we deserve to get some
head pats from you?
Yes, please!
Um, some head pats?
Kanade and Tania have
told us they're wonderful.
We would really like
to try some, please.
And you did say
we did a good job,
so it's only fair.
Sure, but I don't
think there's anything
that special about them.
Good work.
I'm really proud of you two.
[RUNA gasps]
[RUNA] This is more incredible
than I could have imagined!
It's fine.
[SORA]
My heart is soaring!
[REIN]
Really?
[REIN] All right,
are you guys prepared?
'Cause we're gonna
go into the mine
and check things out.
We should probably assume
they know we're here already.
You're right.
But how could they
possibly know that?
Looks they've got
an eye in the sky
watching us right now.
[GROUP]
Huh?
[REIN] The movements
of that bird earlier...
...lead me to believe...
[REIN] ...there's a beast
tamer among them.
[KANADE] Next Time:
"Beast Tamer VS Beast Tamer"!